modify get-put-delete.md and cas.md (#258)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/develop/rawkv/get-put-delete.md

---
title: Get, Put, and Delete
description: How to use RawKV's basic operations such as Get, Put, and Delete.
menu:
    "5.1":
        parent: RawKV
        weight: 1
---

This document walks you through how to use RawKV's basic operations such as `Get`, `Put`, and `Delete`.

## Java

> ### Import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Import packages
```

> First of all, you need to import all necessary packages in the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, import all necessary packages as shown in the example.
```

import org.tikv.raw.RawKVClient;
```

> Here, `com.google.protobuf.ByteString` is used as the type of Key and Value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, `com.google.protobuf.ByteString` is used as the type of Key and Value.
```

To avoid conflict, `com.google.protobuf.ByteString` is shaded to `org.tikv.shade.com.google.protobuf.ByteString`, and is included in the client package.

### Create RawKVClient

To connect to TiKV, a PD address `127.0.0.1:2379` is passed to `TiConfiguration`.

{{< info >}}

> A comma is used to separate multiple PD addresses, e.g. `127.0.0.1:2379,127.0.0.2:2379,127.0.0.3:2379`.

Reviewer: Latin abbreviations are not for technical documentation.
```suggestion
A comma is used to separate multiple PD addresses. For example, `127.0.0.1:2379,127.0.0.2:2379,127.0.0.3:2379`.
```

{{< /info >}}

Using the connected `org.tikv.raw.RawKVClient`, you can perform actions such as `Get`, `Put`, and `Delete`.

```java
TiConfiguration conf = TiConfiguration.createRawDefault("127.0.0.1:2379");
TiSession session = TiSession.create(conf);
RawKVClient client = session.createRawClient();
```

> ### Put

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Write data to TiKV
```

client.put(key, value);
```

> ### Get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Read data from TiKV
```

assert("RawKV".equals(result.get().toStringUtf8()));
```

> ### Delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Delete data from TiKV
```

Using the `delete` API, you can delete a key-value pair from TiKV.

```java
client.delete(key);
result = client.get(key);
assert(!result.isPresent());
```

> ### Close

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Close working instances
```
